Adds a warning that using doctrine:migrations:dump-schema will result in foreign key constraints being lost (#46)
knpuniversity/blog: clean-up-migrations.md

```

Now, dump the current schema into a new single migration:

> > [WARNING] This method don`t dump foreign keys constraints.

Reviewer: Let's revert this line completely

```terminal
symfony console doctrine:migrations:dump-schema

> ```
>  Instead use:
>  ```terminal
> symfony console doctrine:migrations:diff --from-empty-schema
> ```

Reviewer: And here write this instead:

```suggestion
***TIP
The `doctrine:migrations:dump-schema` command may lead to losing foreign key constraints. Instead, use:
\ ```terminal
symfony console doctrine:migrations:diff --from-empty-schema
\```
***
```

That's our internal syntax for notes
